I'm here to bring you guys a review on a
product that I purchased with my own
money this is not sponsored in no way
and my affiliate was this company this
is just my honest opinion about this
product it's called the wonder Brown so
I ordered this online it's supposed to
last three days what you put it Lauren
and like the idea of not having to fill
my eyebrows in every day and getting
three days of just cruising is what
turned me out to actually go ahead and
purchase this product now in this video
I'm gonna be showing you guys clips of
my three day process with this product
to see if it lasts three days I'm gonna
be showing you how I put it on I'm gonna
be checking in every day so you guys can
see how it looks over the progress of
three days and I'm gonna give you guys
my final reviewing a product the color
black brown which is like the darkest
color they have and it comes in this big
tube right here so you get a lot of
product and it also came with a little
spooley brush and when you do this it
says that your face is supposed to be
clean and do not put moisturizer where
you gonna be putting your product at so
I clean my face I didn't pay any
moisturizer on this area now what I did
do because I want to test this product
out on this side of my face I picked my
trusty looking magnesia
so what I'm gonna do is just brush my
eyebrow hair is up now with this product
it gives you a really fat brush that I
don't like I think it's gonna go on
really sloppy
it's my 266 brushes by Mac it's a
slanted tip brush but something dipping
into this product I'm gonna apply it the
way I normally apply my eyebrows which I
do a line at the bottom first and I
starts I'm filling in the top part right
here I don't start your fresh start like
towards the rim
you
so guys the area where you went to pot
to be thicker and use this brush it
helped fill it in better someone to be
thicker over here
while it's still wet if you have too
much product in your eyebrow you can use
this bully brush but once it dries you
can't do it
you
it says that you can't wash your face
but but use a gentle cleanser when you
cleanse this area
so guys this is day 2 so watching my
face I didn't have any problems but
going to sleep I did have a few problems
so you'll see right here to tell it
coming off on this one and this one
we're having the most problems at it's
like the front of the brow here sort of
gone it's missing part of it up here and
the tail and this was a little bit
messed up so I may have to touch up a
little bit on my brows look for the most
part especially this way it looks pretty
good so I just bet they're taking a
shower and I wash my face in the shower
and this is what they look like now they
still are holding on pretty good but I
say I have to retouch them and then what
I don't like is that you see this little
space right here it seems hard to fill
in some places on my face I don't know
if I need to prime my face again before
I apply it but I don't like to sort a
gap right here and then I don't you can
tell too but it has like a sort of a
gray hue to it you guys can see like my
eyebrows are like black looking and then
it looks like gray
this is day three now guys I didn't know
yesterday I had to touch up my eyebrows
before I left you can see the mark here
and the problem that I noticed that I'm
having it that when I go to sleep and I
wake up this is what my eyebrows look
like so when I wash my face I'm fine as
long as as long as I put too much soap
on my eyebrows but when I go to sleep
and wake up dry practically rubbed off
now what I will say is this is good if
you're gonna be going swimming if you're
out all day and it's hot in which I buy
the last it's gonna laughter Annette
right if you just watch your breath
pretty much should stay put during a day
this is gonna last but it's not gonna
stay on for three days that has not been
my personal experience with it I tried
doing it on dry skin no priming no
nothing on there's no moisturizing or
nothing on there it still didn't last
I tried priming the area it's still
didn't last like nothing I did worked
with keeping it on for three days but it
did give me at least one full day of
good coverage without coming up at all
so if that's what you're looking for I
would definitely try this out when I go
to sleep and I look at the next morning
they're gone which is weird because
you're supposed to be able to rub your
brow and then they stay put
so I rubbing them you know it stays put
or no I'm spitting a little bit what you
don't want to rub it too much but but as
you guys can see it's coming off a
little bit when I rub it but I don't
like that great like you can see the
difference like this is the Wonder brow
and this is the elf cream eyeliner which
is where I normally used I know so I
learned it but always use this on my
eyebrow and it stays put
this nice warm rich color it looks
really natural compare it to this that
looks great so I hope their black color
looks a lot better and at last no
because this looks I don't like the way
that looks at all every much experience
might be different like you know I can't
say we're all gonna have the same
experience she was in the product I'm
just showing you guys what I experienced
using game and I hopefully this video
was helpful in some way for you guys but
anyways I was three girls in the next
video until then stay fierce stay
fabulous that china bear